Adds configuring synapse gateway logs (#3582)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/observe/api-manager-analytics/configure-analytics/configure-synapse-gateway.md

# Configure Synapse Gateway

> As explained in the overview section API Manager Analytics is delivered via API Manager Analytics cloud. Hence API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As explained in the [overview section0({{base_path}}/observe/api-manager-analytics/overview-of-api-analytics/), API Manager Analytics is delivered via API Manager Analytics cloud. Hence, API
```

Shall we add a link to the overview section?

 Manager Gateway needs to be configured to publish analytics data into the cloud.
 

>  Documentation is structured into two sections where 'Basic Configuration' section explains the bare minimal settings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 This documentation is structured into two sections where the 'Basic Configuration' section explains the bare minimal settings
```

>   needed to enable analytics while 'Advanced Configuration' section explains additional advance configurations which

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  needed to enable analytics, while 'Advanced Configuration' section explains additional advanced configurations that
```

>    are needed to fine tune the analytics data publishing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   are needed to fine-tune the analytics data publishing.
```

> ## Basic Configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Basic configuration
```
Let's make all the sub headings sentence case.

To publish analytics data to analytics cloud, you need to follow below steps.

> 1. Open `<APIM_HOME>/repository/conf/deployment.toml` and uncomment below config segment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open `<APIM_HOME>/repository/conf/deployment.toml` and uncomment the following config segment.
```

    auth_token = “<use token that you generate>”
    ```

> 2. Fill the auth token field with on-premise token that you obtained via Analytics Portal. If you didn't obtain the key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Fill the auth token field with the on-premise token that you obtained via the Analytics Portal. If you have not obtained the key,
```

 please follow 
 [this]({{base_path}}/observe/api-manager-analytics/configure-analytics/register-for-analytics) 
 documentation on how to obtain a token.

> 3. Restart the API Manager, invoke APIs and log into Analytics Portal to view dashboards. Refer 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Restart the API Manager, invoke APIs, and log into the Analytics Portal to view dashboards. Refer 
```

[this]({{base_path}}/observe/api-manager-analytics/analytics-pages/analytics-pages-overview) 
documentation to
 get more details about available dashboards and their usage.
 
## Advanced Configurations
 This section will explain the additional configurations you can make to fine tune the analytics data publishing

>  . Each of these configurations are set to a default value derived through testing. However, based on based other

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 . Each of these configurations are set to a default value derived through testing. However, based on other
```

>   factors there may be need to fine tune these parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  factors there may be a need to fine tune these parameters.
```

  
### Worker Thread Count
This property denotes the number of threads that are publishing analytics data into analytics cloud. Default value is

>  one thread. One thread can serve up to 3200 request per second with unrestricted internet bandwidth. In case

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 one thread. One thread can serve up to 3200 requests per second with unrestricted internet bandwidth. In case
```

>   single thread is not enough to meet the load handled by your gateway you will run into '**Event queue is full

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  a single thread is not enough to meet the load handled by your gateway, you will encounter an error that indicates '**Event queue is full**'.
```

  . Starting to drop analytics events.**' error message in gateway logs. If you get this error during an API
   invocation spike then please increase the 'Queue Size' as explained in next section. However, if you are getting
    that error repeatedly then you should increase the worker thread count as shown below.
   
```toml
[apim.analytics]
enable = true
config_endpoint = "https://analytics-event-auth.st.choreo.dev/auth/v1"
auth_token = “<use token that you generate>”
properties.'worker.thread.count' = 2
```    

### Queue Size

> This property denotes the number of analytics events Gateway keeps in-memory and used to handle request bursts

Reviewer: Let's make Gateway title case everywhere for consistency.

Author: Fixed with 242c4b0

. Starting to drop analytics events.**' error message in gateway logs during API invocation spikes you should
 consider increasing queue size. However, another factor you should consider when increasing queue size is the memory
  foot print. Single analytics publishing event is around 1 KB. Hence you should plan the capacity to not hinder the
   JVM heap. To tweak the property, add the configuration as shown below.
```toml
[apim.analytics]
enable = true
config_endpoint = "https://analytics-event-auth.st.choreo.dev/auth/v1"
auth_token = “<use token that you generate>”
properties.'queue.size' = 10000
```
### Client Flushing Delay
This property denotes the guaranteed frequency analytics events will be published to the cloud in milliseconds.
. Currently analytics
 events are batched before sending. Once a given batch is full that batch will be published into Analytics Cloud
 . However under low throughput, it can take sometime for a batch to be filled. In such cases Client Flushing Delay
  will come into picture. Separate publisher will publish analytics events once every Client Flushing Delay if Event

>    Queue mentioned above is empty and non of the worker threads are currently publishing. By default this is set to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Queue mentioned above is empty and none of the worker threads are currently publishing. By default this is set to
```
